URBAN - THE CYBORG PROJECT
http://urban.home.dhs.org
--------------------------
README

1.0 To start the game
	DOS:
	  Execute 'Urban.exe' in the 'urban'-directory.
	
	Unix:
	  Type 'urban' in a shell. If you are running X, urban will open a
	  window to run the game in. The X-server has to be running i 256
	  color mode. If you are using a Xfree86 server you might be able
	  to run urban in full-screen mode, by login in as root and to type 
	  the following into an xterm:
	  
	  GGI_DISPLAY=dga urban
	
2.0 Story

	During the end of the 20:th century, the american public started to
	get tired of seeing their sons and daughters returning in bags from
	wars in Europe and the Far East. In order to continue the struggle
	for political stability and a secure economic flow, without the 
	insight from an increasingly irritated population, new invincible 
	soldiers was needed. The best scientists available were assigned to 
	work on the creation of such a soldier. Far below the surface of the 
	ground, in a military base in the Nevada desert, they started to 
	develop a warrior, half man, half robot - a Cyborg. After a couple of
	months of hard work, the project was very close to completion. The 
	only thing that remained was to find a human being, ready to be 
	rebuilt to better serve his country.
	
	But it turned out to be harder than expected to find such a human. 
	After trying through all the regular channels, they realized that it 
	would be impossible to get volunteers within the military community. 
	The politicians expected results, and since no prototype had been 
	completed yet, financing was starting to become a problem. In order 
	to prevent the termintation of the project, it was now decided that 
	the plan of getting a volunteer was to be abandoned. Instead, it was 
	decided that "volunteers" were to be chosen among the civilian 
	nobodys, who no one would miss anyway, and use them insted.

	The head of the research department called for a top secret meeting
	with the CIA and the commanding officer of the base, where they 
	decided who would be chosen for the project. The first one to be 
	chosen, and in a matter of days kidnapped from his own bedroom, 
	was an uneducated father of two children living in Nevada. Urban 
	Gutter. After being sent to sleep he was taken to the Nevada base, 
	where the project finally could be completed. After going through a 
	thorough brainwash, the work of replacing easily damaged biological 
	organs with metal equivalents was started.

	The project was almost completed, when the accident suddenly struck. 
	During the final stage of the control-code uploading, Urban Gutter 
	suddenly came to his sence. Without any security device drivers yet 
	installed, he turned his rage against his creators, and started 
	massacre everyone in the surgery room on a cold-blooded and completely
	inhumane way, before he started to head for the surface.

	You are all that's left of Urban Gutter, a cyborg of no feelings, 
	with the one and only mission to get out of the military base, and 
	to create the worst blood bath possible on the way.	
	
3.0 Controls

	Standard Controls:
		Right  : Right arrow 
		Vänster: Left arrow
		Down   : Down arrow
		Up     : Up arrow
		Jump   : Space
		Fire   : Left Ctrl
		Previous weapon : Left-shift
		Next weapon     : Right-shift

	Vapen:
		1. Shotgun
		2. Flame thrower
		3. Ice thrower
		4. Rocket launcher
		5. Plasma gun
		6. Mini gun
		7. Electric weapon

	Övrigt:
		Exit       : Esc
		Screen shot: F12   * only dos *
		Pause      : F9

	3.1     Customize controls:

		        Start 'urban' and select "Config"-"Controls" on the 
			menu, there can you select your own keys for moving
			shooting and jumping.

4.0 Why doesn't the sound work?


	The DOS-version of Urban supports the following cards: SoundBlaster, 
	Gravis Ultrasound and ESS. To use a SoundBlaster card, make sure you
	have set the environment variable BLASTER correctly.
	
	The Linux version supports all the soundcards that are supported by
	linux.


Jonas Borgström jonas_b@bitsmart.com
Thomas Nyberg   thomas.nyberg@linux.nu
Markus Boman    markus@boman.pp.se
Petter Holmberg petter.holmberg@2.sbbs.se
Dick Adolfsson  dickadolfsson@hotmail.com
Emil Eriksson   emil.eriksson@technologist.com




